I forgot. Oh, Jason being not here.
for weeks
(***)
so yeah because he doesn't care yeah
Yeah, technically you would have like an F now.
Yeah. I don't like that.
yes yes yeah yeah
Yeah
and his mom's like a tiger mom
Yeah That was like the first question she asked me.
(***) on my lessons tiger mom
(***)
If she was I wouldn't be here.
yeah
Yeah, no, we all have our like distinct characters,
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yes.
ha ha
Yeah, right good move
But you weren't here!
ahh
But then he's not going to change, because we have one child.
What's another one? yeah
(***)
(***) i don't know
Yeah
I think you should just be a gamer.
I don't know if you see him on his laptop
okay okay
she like sits on (***) this
like the couch is like this but he sits like almost laying down
With like the computer on his stomach.
Yeah, and he only plays video games.
Like once I caught him like calling and playing video games.
And then you walked him on him, like, in the practice room.
ha ha ha
you (***)
ha ha
yeah yeah (***)
Maybe
No, I mean
Well, I mean, Po-Po-Po-Po-P (***) know
(***)
Yeah. Like, Proposal's not an orchestra, so he's like, uh...
Yeah, l(***) those who get like actually mad at
Yeah, he says it's starting but now it's like just
(***)
yeah
ha ha ha
Like nah, no way. Yeah